To sum up some of the challenges of this project. 
Note: Copy and delete this file from the directory when you finish with the project. 



-My first biggest challange was that I decided for the user to be able to update all the information on 
personnel section (including Location). This made on the webb-app behaving unexpectally becase was creating
new duplicate records insted of updating the actual record. 
Reason for that was that I was updating the locationID on department table, which was an value for many 
existing recrods. The database would be smart enough to not let me mess up all the records but create a duplicate. 
And sometimes create a new location ID. 



-Also to update the record sometimes I was using the id of the record from the delete or edit button on the html, this wasnt very smart as I was populating the 
modale using js. So I decided to create a hidden  <input type="hidden" id="editEntityID" value="${employee.id}">
Now I could retrive the data from the input. And the values to pupulate the modale I took it from global variables for each section.



-One of the main challanges was after I had populated the sections depening on the id clicked
I saw the need to use this functions in other parts of the code. (updateRecord, refresh, filter)
I could use promises, async function, or call back functions(if statemnts), 

For populating the data I decided to use the async await functions, so the fetchAndPopulate() would wait to retrive the data 
and than it would populate it. 
This way I managed to make possible the use of this functions outside the populate section logic. 
Also the fetchAndPopulate() would accept a parameter that will decide the sorting of the data based on the parameter. 
(use that later when you do yhe filtering logic)



-Another challenge was that after I update a record in any section , the data had to be refreshed but sometime 
the data was being refreshed before the actual update. 
I made sure that for exmp: updateRecord() would return a promise and upon resolving the fetchAndPopulateSection() would be called. 





-Other challange , I am workign on the refresh buttons and I am calling the async functions
 to populate the data, however The data is not being populated. 
The problem about that is on the hide   const $template = $originalTemplate.clone().removeClass("employeeTemplate").show();
template. Becasue when I was popualting the data for the second time I was actually hiding the class.




SEARCH BUTTON, TASKS.
1- The record for the personnel section , is firstname and lastname(personnel table),
departmentName(on personnel table I have just departmentID, 
I have to check to department table to get the name),
location name(the location name is on the department record as locationID, 
I have to go on location table to get the location name) and email on personnel table,
So the search should happen in one table for exmp, but the data should 
show joining the record between 3 tables. 


2-There is data already shown for each section , 
Now when I search on personnel,
the searched result should overwrite the data on the section
and when I change to department , the department data should show, If I move back to personnel,
the personnel inital data should show(not the search result). 

Find a way to display the data in the same manner each section initally displays. 